the unicorns are not exactly running any
way of pro well oh no my dad pursuing it
he's getting John Hale Assange is in
trouble he's down but where his power of
evil down to fifty percent HP omen of
death not been used yet as honey is
after the background power of Evil's
with no logical jar of evil judge it was
a declaration steel back in fanatic have
found for kickers in full retreat a14
for trade and a baron buff million
fanatic y'all inhibitor child they're
pushing through minions are coming here
do you see they're pinging them on the
mini-map that got the parents still
trying to push it it's just a lonely
noona trying to defend is it enough can
Kiki scare them away fanatic they waited
they've got minions I don't know if it's
enough fifteen seconds before chachi is
a bard X getting closer kickers he's
trying to pull attention but not a saber
let's sit down hill assigns in place he
needs to have a magic magic stunt but
he's not going to because he's in
trouble though they've been continues to
focus the tone he'll Assange is down the
Nexus turret is down there right to the
Nexus to their own you 47 at 33 minutes
fanatic are taking down the unicorns of
love
I cannot understand this game unicorns
of love it wasn't you said their Nexus
kick is a hella site together hey listen
got in there now there is another phone
okay bye tags down 5 b-4 there are
supers to deal with in the middle lane
and fanatic may want to use the numbers
of bondage it's a couple of love taps
that's all fanatic means they'll never
expect any more those are back though
that one but they're going in again oh
that's a petrifying gaze they've got to
charge you're trying to get away we do
see the omen of death what can party
will do from beyond the grave he's God
steel back with that that is the most
number of kills we've seen in the spring
split 14 minutes quicker than before
yellow you'll have to bring it over I've
seen this before it happened at world
and it didn't go in phonetics favor will
their faith be different Nexus is going
down to who need it even easier
I fanatica cheering we see mr. Fisher
it's happened again fanatic are not able
to defend the Nexus they've got supers
barreling down the mid lane why can the
supervillains do killer super winning
okay okay okay you look ones of love
continuing the siege they are
unrelenting there is one nexus turret
standing and the unicorn say we will
have it art fanatic or down further bids
in trouble we see that tactic as his
dropped as he was channeling his
absolute zero dredge line knocks up
multiple people to chachi forced to use
that omen of death on himself i wanna
kill for steel back what can further
than is steel back too far Dax and power
people alive who do see the dredge line
connects with Hill Estate look at the
carries they're both routes it in place
hourglass keeps rooney alive as we see
yellow star taken out this is a 2 3 vs 3
in the base perimeter is down it's all
do but i'm horny now and hunie the nexus
is standing steel back has got hella son
he's gritting massively octavo DAGs the
violence and power of evil they are
pushing with the minions mooney on full
HP to Fisher will they go in place your
pot we do see the shard connector look
at the auto attacks power people's
garden can party will turn around he
died on some steel / he come home
invaders steel back it'll give a power
of evil you recorded our it you're going
to be